Add issue assignation policy + warning about meilisearch-js priority in pre-release (#158)
meilisearch/integration-guides: resources/pre-release-week.md

## 💻 Coding

⚠️ [`meilisearch-js`](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-js) and [`instant-meilisearch`](https://github.com/meilisearch/instant-meilisearch/) implementations should start as soon as possible since:

> - they are related to the [`mini-dashboard`](https://github.com/meilisearch/mini-dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- they are dependencies of the [`mini-dashboard`](https://github.com/meilisearch/mini-dashboard).
```

Should we mention: 
- docs-searchbar
- gatsby
- firebase
- Demos (devrel and playgrounds)
- Strapi
- (Saas in the future?)

?

Author: We should not list the dependencies here. We are in the pre-release context, that's why the mini-dashboard is mentioned.

Author: I plan to do a guide gathering all the dependencies in integration team (Laura asked for it anyway)

> - they can make us report a bad design choice of the API when using MeiliSearch in front-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- they may raise bad design choices or relevancy issues of the MeiliSearch API when used in front-end.
```
